Update README and Migration Guide for v5 Release (#620)
braintree/braintree_ios: README.md

Welcome to Braintree's iOS SDK. This library will help you accept card and alternative payments in your iOS app.

> A new major version of the SDK is available. See the [v5 migration guide](/V5_MIGRATION.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v5 is the latest major version of Braintree iOS. To update from v4, see the [v5 migration guide](/V5_MIGRATION.md).
```

Updating removing the `A new major version of the SDK is available` language will age a bit better.

Author: I like it!

| Major version number | Status | Released | Deprecated | Unsupported |
| -------------------- | ------ | -------- | ---------- | ----------- |

> | 5.x.x | Active | February 2021 | TBA | TBA |

Reviewer: 👏
